[Docs] add set command examplee to sql api (#18027)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/sql-api.md

#### Sample request

This sample request demonstrates the following actions:
- This query retrieves all rows from the `wikipedia` datasource.
- This query also filters the results where the `user` value is `BlueMoon2662`.

> - The `sqlTimeZone` context parameter sets the query's time zone to `America/Los_Angeles`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `sqlTimeZone` context parameter sets the time zone to `America/Los_Angeles` for query results.
```

> - This response also set its `header`, `typesHeader`, and `sqlTypesHeader` properties as `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The query results also include descriptors for `header`, `typesHeader`, and `sqlTypesHeader`.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> You can also specify query-level context parameters directly within the SQL query string using the `SET` command. For more details on `SET` statements, see [SET statements](../querying/sql.md#set-statements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify query-level context parameters directly within the SQL query string using the `SET` command. For more details, see [SET statements](../querying/sql.md#set-statements).
```

> The following functionally equivalent JSON object uses `SET` command for `sqlQueryId` directly in the query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request body is functionally equivalent to the previous example and uses `SET` instead of the `context` parameter:
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> You can also specify query-level context parameters directly within the SQL query string using the `SET` command. For more details, see [SET statements](../querying/sql.md#set).

Author: ```suggestion
You can also specify query-level context parameters directly within the SQL query string using the `SET` command. For more details, see [SET statements](../querying/sql.md#set-statements).
```
